# CS360_Project

Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?
What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?
How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those techniques or strategies be applied in the future?
How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important, and what did it reveal?
Consider the full app design and development process from initial planning to finalization. Where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?
In what specific component of your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?



The requirements and goals of the Event Tracking App were to design a mobile application that had a functional login and sign up page, a data grid page, and an SMS notification feature. The user needs that this app was designed to address was a convenient and easy way to keep track of upcoming scheduled events. Users should be able to create, edit, and delete events to make keeping track of their schedule easy and manageable. The UI was designed simple and minimalistic so that keeping track of events was easy and not overwhelming. The design was successful because it was the UI helped users focus on the main functionality of the app and it fulfilled their desired requirements for an event tracking app. I approached this app by focusing on the core functionality first and then working on the less vital functions. By focusing on the bigger and main parts of the application first, it helped set up the rest of the project for a more organized and planned out development process. I tested the code to make sure that it was functional at every step of the process, this is important because I didn't want to finish developing the entire project only to figure out that it does not work at all. Throughout the development process I needed to innovate debugging techniques in order to figure out why certain functions were not working. Sometimes the app would crash and sometimes a function would not work, making the debugging techniques critical to completing this project. I was successful in demonstrating my knowledge, skills, and experience in the data grid component where events were able to be added, deleted, and edited. This is also where the SMS notifications checkbox function was implemented. 
